
   o Investigate communcation with PISA ::: 6

   o helix fitting overshoots ::: 4

   o Backrub-based auto-fit rotamer search.  Question: how do I test
     this? Synthetic map?  How does it work when we do this for an alt
     conf too?  ::: 10

   o Does is_mainchain_atom() working for mainchain hydrogens?  ::: 1

   o redo sequence view ::: 10

   o multiple residue ranges, glycosylation, covalent bond entities ::: 10
  
   o Rotate Translate: Add an additional GUI (possibly in the toolbar)
     to specify the type of R/T entity, a zone (default) a chain, a
     whole molecule. ::: 5

   o Seg Ids (Mailing list issue):

      At least in these two situations, I think that COOT could make a
      very educated guess as to the correct SEGID.

       * In mutate (simple or otherwise), COOT could carry over what
         existed for the residue being mutated

       * In "insert after terminal residue" COOT could carry over what
         exists for the terminal residue

      These might not always be correct, but they should be 99+% of
      the time.

     Also mails from Phil Evans, Stephen Graham, Early April 2008
     about SEG ids.  Doing a NCS loop with Seg ids.  Doing a mutation
     with Segids (might be the same issue).  The segid for the new
     atoms should be inherited from those of the rest of the residue
     (if they are consistent). ::: 6

   o Give the user a chance to edit the ins file before it is sent off
     for refinement [Tobias Beck].  Not doing so, as currently,
     practically makes the shelxl refine in Coot useless if the user
     needs to modify the file.  Fire up a text widget with the .ins file
     in it.  ::: 2

   o enable --splash-screen  ::: 2

   o Does the window stay constant size (on something other than a
     laptop) on start, exit, start exit cycling?
     Priority: 6: Difficulty: 4  ::: 2

   o The lib dir should be set with AC_CHECK_LIB, not just "lib". Tim
     Fenn. ::: 2
 
*  Let's hear from Tim Fenn.  OK, he replied.  Non-trivial. 

  o Consider setting the "handled" flag only for key pressed that did
    something, e.g. we could then use the "B" and "S" keys, because they
    are not often used.  Maybe "A" too. ::: 1

   o Rotamer plots need to update on multiple do/undos. ::: 1

   o Phil Evans wants colour by chain as the default.  Can you make
     this the default at coordinates read time (similarly, others want
     CA mode).  ::: 1

   o Put globularize protein into Coot.  Make it a bit more clever? ::: 4

   o Garib wants a function to move waters close to the protein. ::: 2 

   o Investigate interupting long fitting/Post MR tools [JED request] ::: 2

   o add a mechanism where we can register functions to run after
     refinement and/or regularization. 
  
     or deleting things says JED.  In fact, a funtion to run that is
      attached to a molecule (somehow) on any
      update/change/manipulation. ::: 3

   o Bill: This might be hard to implement, but in case it isn't, I
     thought it might be worth suggesting...

     It would be great to be able to click on a nucleotide base in a
     single strand of DNA or RNA and generate its W/C partner... ::: 4

   o Fix up mini-RSR so that it compiles properly. ::: 4

   o Move widget functions in c-interface-build.cc to
     c-interface-gui.cc (or consider new c-interface-build-gui.cc). ::: 1

   o Dynamic distances define need a pick cursor. ::: 1

   o Put refine-zone and regularize-zone into the history. ::: 2

   o consider making bonds to hydrogens thinner.  A spike needed to
     test for bonds split on thickness or colour most deeply.  ::: 4

   o Problem SHELX .ins file, enable bonds to symmetry atoms? ::: 4

   o Gtk2 coot: set the colour patch in the map properties and
     symmetry molecule colouring (needs version 2.6).  There is some
     problem in the update, how do I set continuous updates on the
     resulting colour chooser?  ::: 2 

   o colour by B-factor CA mode ::: 1

   o How about a post-swig command to add #ifdef USE_PYTHON around 
     coot_wrap_python.cc (or is it coot_wrap_python_pre.cc?)

     Is that necessary now?  In build-coot-fc4-gtk2,
     coot_wrap_python.cc is generated and so is an practically empty
     coot_wrap_python.lo ::: 3

   o rotamer-score function needs to be filled ::: 1

   o "Find Waters" sometimes does not to put waters in what seems sensible
     places - why is that? ::: 4

   o Calculate NCS matrices from molecules created by
     new_molecule_by_atom_selection() ::: 1

   o Check the distribution of selection of phi/psis from
     random-phi-psi function matches a Ramachandran plot ::: 4

   o "Fit ligand here" which gets a monomer then does a ligand search
     based on the blob at the current position. ::: 8

   o Non-bonded contacts.  Can they be speeded up?  What about nbcs
     with Hydrogens.  Are they good?  Refine 50 residues and
     profile. ::: 5

   o Why does loop fitting fail on residue 96A of tutorial-modern.pdb? 
     Fix.  ::: 4

   o Use write_connectivity to generate ligand hydrogens. Use reduce
     and probe to make ligand interactions (and render them). ::: 4

   o Display ligand diapoles using charges from cif file. ::: 4

   o When there is a non-square GL context, the axes become skewed.
     Needs othogonalizing. ::: 2

   o Geometric distortions graph for alt confs - currently broken? ::: 4

   o The zooming in out out of a Ramachandran plot is inelegant.
     Needs fixing. ::: 4

   o Integrate scripting functions into main documentation somehow 
     ::: 5

   o When fitting waters in a low resolution(ish) map (from buccaneer
     tutorial), the water were often placed in protein density - it was
     missing the fact that the "water" density was connected to the
     protein density - because we only look at the masked map.
     (see bucca-tut on memory stick) ::: 5

   o *create* a molecule by symmetry, not (just) write it out.
      Consider a dialog to Write/Create a symmetry molecule.  ::: 2


------

