-*-text-*-

   What's Planned for the Upcoming Coot Releases?


------

    Release 0.4, Oct/Nov 2007


   o Richardson rotamers

   o Try again to add chiral volumes to the geometry target function

   o Add Chiral centre inversion and cis peptide generation check 
     after refinement or regularization.

   o Make the Omega Angle Plot update properly

   o Add Chiral Volume Outliers to Omega Angle Plot

   o Post-install slim the binaries

   o Do the strand restraints work well under refinement?
  
   o Add planar peptide restraints as default

   o Add select by sphere 

   o Cootaneer

   o Activate test suite

   o Correct CISPEP if needed cards on writing pdb.

-----

   Release 0.5 Dec 2007/Jan 2008

   o Kevin's Ramachandran Refinement target

   o Torsion General

   o Use Eugene's new LINK-reading code.

   o Use libglade

   o Fix Charlie Bond's shelx ins writing bug ("shelx woe", 10 sept 2007)

   o Problem SHELX .ins file, enable bonds to symmetry atoms?

   o Valgrind long/multiple fit-proteins

   o "Thick bonds" for ligands etc

   o insertion codes for intelligent next atom

   o Add some SHELX reading to the test suite.

   o Dynamic distances on moving atom/fragments

   o Revisit CCP4mg button

   o graphics::molecules should be a std::vector

   o on_filename_filter_toggle_button_toggled() looks up the
     fileselection by going through all names of file selections. This
     is ugly (gives terminal warnings).  Make the user data also encode 
     information about which fileslection this is (in 1000s, say).

   o Faster bonding of multiple models e.g. 1O5P.pdb.  It should take
     1 or 2 seconds.

   o Copy fragment (new-molecule-by-atom-selection) does not
     recalculate the NCS.  It should.

   o test/fix hardware stereo in Gtk2 mode.

   o Kleywegt plot should not draw ("wrapped") long arrows

   o NCS Ligands: if we find a ligand C in molecule A, we should look
     for a similar blob near molecule B and try to fit the same kind of
     ligand there as well [JED]

   o If we have guile scripting in configure, then we should check for
     net-http and goosh have been installed.  If not, fail gracefully,
     not obscurely at run time!

   o Lars Prade crash.  Try doing actions in a directory that you can't
     write to.  Test Geometry validation.

-----

    Release 0.6 and 0.7 [Mar/Apr 2008]

   o multiple residue ranges, glycosylation, covalent bond entities
  
   o Redo sequence view 

   o NCS differences graph (use master chain)

   o Hydrogens from a SHELXL molecule

   o Mouse bindings, consistency with MG

   o helix fitting overshoots

   o check for updates?

   o (un)Label atoms in given atom selection

   o More work on ligand bonding
       Things with Cl etc, 
       O->P bonds
       faster bonding with many molecules

   o colour by B-factor CA mode

   o Lasso (perhaps) active atoms to select atoms for R/Ting?  
     So that fragments of monomers can be moved independently

   o Update python files

   o rotamer-score function needs to be filled

   o "Find Waters" sometimes does not to put waters in what seems sensible
     places - why is that?

   o Calculate NCS matrices from molecules created by
     new_molecule_by_atom_selection()

 ------
    
    Release 0.8

   o User pickable atoms

   o Other Button: tw & penny

   o handle links properly (as above).

   o multiple representations?
  
   o Add Terminal Residue should pick up from the assigned sequence.
     Should work for bases too.

   o mutate residue range for bases

------

   Release 0.9, Facelift-release

   o Clean up menu items, use Preferences.

   o Internationalize (enable translations)

   o Switch to GTk2, guile1.8.  Dump Gtk1 interface, 

   o re-write build-it script

   o read multiple files from shift and ctrl clicking in the file selection.


-----
 
   Release 1.0 [~Sept 2008]

