
   o multiple residue ranges, glycosylation, covalent bond entities ::: 10

   o Why does NAG not refine?  e.g. 1h4p ::: 1

   o need (residues-near-point imol) function ::: 1
  
   o Dynamic distances define need a pick cursor. ::: 1

   o rotamer-score function needs to be filled ::: 1

   o Display ligand diapoles using charges from cif file. ::: 4

   o Rotate Translate: Add an additional GUI (possibly in the toolbar)
     to specify the type of R/T entity, a zone (default) a chain, a
     whole molecule. ::: 5

   o Seg Ids (Mailing list issue):

      At least in these two situations, I think that COOT could make a
      very educated guess as to the correct SEGID.

       * In mutate (simple or otherwise), COOT could carry over what
         existed for the residue being mutated

       * In "insert after terminal residue" COOT could carry over what
         exists for the terminal residue

      These might not always be correct, but they should be 99+% of
      the time.

     Also mails from Phil Evans, Stephen Graham, Early April 2008
     about SEG ids.  Doing a NCS loop with Seg ids.  Doing a mutation
     with Segids (might be the same issue).  The segid for the new
     atoms should be inherited from those of the rest of the residue
     (if they are consistent). ::: 6

   o "Fit ligand here" which gets a monomer then does a ligand search
     based on the blob at the current position. ::: 8

   o Give the user a chance to edit the ins file before it is sent off
     for refinement [Tobias Beck].  Not doing so, as currently,
     practically makes the shelxl refine in Coot useless if the user
     needs to modify the file.  Fire up a text widget with the .ins file
     in it.  ::: 2

   o Communcation with PISA.  Get PISA on jackal ::: 6

   o Backrub-based auto-fit rotamer search.  Question: how do I test
     this? Synthetic map?  How does it work when we do this for an alt
     conf too?  ::: 10

   o redo sequence view ::: 10

   o enable --splash-screen  ::: 2

   o Does the window stay constant size (on something other than a
     laptop) on start, exit, start exit cycling?
     Priority: 6: Difficulty: 4  ::: 2

   o The lib dir should be set with AC_CHECK_LIB, not just "lib". Tim
     Fenn. ::: 2
 
*  Let's hear from Tim Fenn.  OK, he replied.  Non-trivial. 

  o Consider setting the "handled" flag only for key pressed that did
    something, e.g. we could then use the "B" and "S" keys, because they
    are not often used.  Maybe "A" too. ::: 1

   o Rotamer plots need to update on multiple do/undos. ::: 1

   o Garib wants a function to move waters close to the protein. ::: 4

   o Investigate interupting long fitting/Post MR tools [JED request] 
     Add a stop button to the toolbar perhaps.
     ::: 2

   o add a mechanism where we can register functions to run after
     refinement and/or regularization. 
  
     or deleting things says JED.  In fact, a funtion to run that is
      attached to a molecule (somehow) on any
      update/change/manipulation. ::: 3

   o Bill: This might be hard to implement, but in case it isn't, I
     thought it might be worth suggesting...

     It would be great to be able to click on a nucleotide base in a
     single strand of DNA or RNA and generate its W/C partner... ::: 4

   o Fix up mini-RSR so that it compiles properly. ::: 4

   o Move widget functions in c-interface-build.cc to
     c-interface-gui.cc (or consider new c-interface-build-gui.cc). ::: 1

   o Put refine-zone and regularize-zone into the history. ::: 2

   o consider making bonds to hydrogens thinner.  A spike needed to
     test for bonds split on thickness or colour most deeply.  ::: 4

   o Gtk2 coot: set the colour patch in the map properties and
     symmetry molecule colouring (needs version 2.6).  There is some
     problem in the update, how do I set continuous updates on the
     resulting colour chooser?  ::: 2 

   o colour by B-factor CA mode, (CA + Ligs atom sel should be used
     for B-factor colouring mode) ::: 1

   o Calculate NCS matrices from molecules created by
     new_molecule_by_atom_selection() ::: 1

   o Use write_connectivity to generate ligand hydrogens. Use reduce
     and probe to make ligand interactions (and render them). ::: 4

   o Geometric distortions graph for alt confs - currently broken? ::: 4

   o Integrate scripting functions into main documentation somehow.
     Well, you can look at this, if it is hard, punt it.
     ::: 2

   o *create* a molecule by symmetry, not (just) write it out.
      Consider a dialog to Write/Create a symmetry molecule.  ::: 2

   o Helix fitting overshoots ::: 4

------

   o Does is_mainchain_atom() working for mainchain hydrogens?  
     You mean is_main_chain_p().  Yes it is.
     ::: 1

